No. 1: {'Order': 14248, 'Abstract': 'Although weight loss associated with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection is multifactorial in its pathogenesis, it has been speculated that hypogonadism, a common occurrence in HIV disease, contributes to depletion of lean tissue and muscle dysfunction. We, therefore, examined the effects of testosterone replacement by means of Androderm, a permeation-enhanced, nongenital transdermal system, on lean body mass, body weight, muscle strength, health-related quality of life, and HIV-disease markers. We randomly assigned 41 HIV-infected, ambulatory men, 18-60 yr of age, with serum testosterone levels below 400 ng/dL, to 1 of 2 treatment groups: group I, two placebo patches (n = 21); or group II, two testosterone patches designed to release 5 mg testosterone over 24 h. Eighteen men in the placebo group and 14 men in the testosterone group completed the 12-week treatment. Serum total and free testosterone and dihydrotestosterone levels increased, and LH and FSH levels decreased in the testosterone-treated, but not in the placebo-treated, men. Lean body mass and fat-free mass, measured by dual energy x-ray absorptiometry, increased significantly in men receiving testosterone patches [change in lean body mass, +1.345 +/- 0.533 kg (P = 0.02 compared to no change); change in fat-free mass, +1.364 +/- 0.525 kg (P = 0.02 compared to no change)], but did not change in the placebo group [change in lean body mass, 0.189 +/- 0.470 kg (P = NS compared to no change); change in fat-free mass, 0.186 +/- 0.470 kg (P = NS compared to no change)]. However, there was no significant difference between the 2 treatment groups in the change in lean body mass. The change in lean body mass during treatment was moderately correlated with the increment in serum testosterone levels (r = 0.41; P = 0.02). The testosterone-treated men experienced a greater decrease in fat mass than those receiving placebo patches (P = 0.04). There was no significant change in body weight in either treatment group. Changes in overall quality of life scores did not correlate with testosterone treatment; however, in the subcategory of role limitation due to emotional problems, the men in the testosterone group improved an average of 43 points of a 0-100 possible score, whereas those in the placebo group did not change. Red cell count increased in the testosterone group (change in red cell count, +0.1 +/- 0.1 10(12)/L) but decreased in the placebo group (change in red cell count, -0.2 +/- 0.1 10(12)/L). CD4+ and CD8+ T cell counts and plasma HIV copy number did not significantly change during treatment. Serum prostate-specific antigen and plasma lipid levels did not change in either treatment group. Testosterone replacement in HIV-infected men with low testosterone levels is safe and is associated with a 1.35-kg gain in lean body mass, a significantly greater reduction in fat mass than that achieved with placebo treatment, an increased red cell count, and an improvement in role limitation due to emotional problems. Further studies are needed to assess whether testosterone supplementation can produce clinically meaningful changes in muscle function and disease outcome in HIV-infected men.'}
No. 2: {'Order': 2358, 'Abstract': '\u2003Neurocognitive disorders remain common among human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-positive adults, perhaps owing to persistent HIV-1 RNA in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) during antiretroviral therapy (ART).'}
No. 3: {'Order': 495, 'Abstract': 'A relevant proportion of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infected patients is co-infected with the hepatitis C virus (HCV). HCV co-infection in HIV-positive patients is associated with faster progression of liver disease in comparison to HCV mono-infection. Natural killer (NK) cells critically modulate the natural course of HCV infection. Both HIV and HCV mono-infection are associated with alterations of the NK cell pool. However, little data is available concerning phenotype and function of NK cells in HIV/HCV co-infection.'}
No. 4: {'Order': 16587, 'Abstract': 'To assess efficacy, adherence and tolerability of once daily antiretroviral therapy containing tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (DF) 300 mg in HIV-1-infected former injecting drug users receiving opiate treatment (IVDU).'}
No. 5: {'Order': 5949, 'Abstract': 'Longitudinal investigations of an adult male population of Kenyan car washers who have heavy and quantifiable occupational exposure to Schistosoma mansoni cercariae revealed that some individuals develop resistance to reinfection while others remain highly susceptible. We sought to characterize immune correlates associated with host protection in this population. Previous studies have demonstrated an association of peripheral eosinophilia with resistance to reinfection with schistosomes. Thus, we investigated the relationship between the percentage of circulating eosinophils and the effect of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) coinfection on the susceptibility of the car washers to reinfection with schistosomes. Elevated percentages of circulating eosinophils were associated with resistance to reinfection by S. mansoni in HIV-1-seronegative persons. In the HIV-1-seropositive cohort, low CD4+-T-cell counts were associated with a less intense eosinophilia. Moreover, eosinophils from the car washers expressed high levels of FcepsilonRI beta chain, a molecule important in immunoglobulin E (IgE)-mediated immunity. Levels of FcepsilonRI beta chain expression correlated with serum levels of total and antigen-specific IgE for HIV-1-negative car washers, but this was not the case for individuals coinfected with HIV-1. Overall, these data further implicate eosinophils as having a potential role in development of protective immunity against schistosomes and suggest that changes associated with HIV-1 coinfection increase susceptibility to reinfection.'}
No. 6: {'Order': 5225, 'Abstract': 'Many HIV-infected individuals do not enter health care until late in the infection course. Despite encouraging earlier testing, this situation has continued for several years. We investigated the prevalence of late presenters and factors associated with late presentation among HIV-infected patients in an Asian regional cohort. This cohort study included HIV-infected patients with their first positive HIV test during 2003-2012 and CD4 count and clinical status data within 3 months of that test. Factors associated with late presentation into care (CD4 count <200 cells/μl or an AIDS-defining event within ±3 months of first positive HIV test) were analyzed in a random effects logistic regression model. Among 3,744 patients, 2,681 (72%) were late presenters. In the multivariable model, older patients were more likely to be late presenters than younger (≤30 years) patients [31-40, 41-50, and ≥51 years: odds ratio (OR) = 1.57, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.31-1.88; OR = 2.01, 95% CI 1.58-2.56; and OR = 1.69, 95% CI 1.23-2.31, respectively; all p ≤ 0.001]. Injecting drug users (IDU) were more likely (OR = 2.15, 95% CI 1.42-3.27, p < 0.001) and those with homosexual HIV exposure were less likely (OR = 0.45, 95% CI 0.35-0.58, p < 0.001) to be late presenters compared to those with heterosexual HIV exposure. Females were less likely to be late presenters (OR = 0.44, 95% CI 0.36-0.53, p < 0.001). The year of first positive HIV test was not associated with late presentation. Efforts to reduce the patients who first seek HIV care at the late stage are needed. The identified risk factors associated with late presentation should be utilized in formulating targeted public health intervention to improve earlier entry into HIV care.'}
No. 7: {'Order': 4738, 'Abstract': 'Acute hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection may lead to chronic HCV-infection with detectable HCV RNA or to spontaneous clearance with no HCV RNA, but detectable HCV antibodies. It is unknown whether HCV RNA status is associated with mortality in HIV-infected injection drug users (IDUs). We conducted a nationwide population-based cohort study to examine the impact of HCV RNA status on overall and cause-specific mortality in HIV-infected IDUs. We computed cumulative mortality and used Cox Regression to estimate mortality rate ratios (MRR). We identified 392 HIV-infected patients of whom 284 (72%) had chronic HCV-infection (HCV RNA positive patients) and 108 (28%) had cleared the HCV-infection (HCV RNA negative patients). During 1286 person-years of observation (PYR), 157 persons died (MR = 122/1000 PYR, 95% CI: 104-143). The estimated 5-year probabilities of survival were 0.58 (95% CI: 0.51-0.65) in the chronically HCV-infected and 0.52 (95% CI: 0.40-0.63) in the cleared HCV group. Chronic HCV-infection was not associated with overall mortality: MRR 0.85, 95% CI: 0.59-1.21. In HIV-infected Danish IDUs, chronic HCV-infection is not associated with increased mortality compared to patients who have cleared the infection.'}
No. 8: {'Order': 3012, 'Abstract': 'This article describes the psychological distress experienced by family members living with human immunodeficiency virus/acquired immune deficiency syndrome (HIV/AIDS). Survey data were collected from 133 individuals, (47 parents, 53 siblings, 33 adult family members who have HIV/AIDS) representing 80 families. In-depth interview and observational data were collected from a subset of the sample. The physical and psychological health of individual family members was assessed by the 53-item Brief Symptom Inventory. Parents, siblings, and people living with AIDS (PWAs) reported higher levels of overall distress and scored higher on symptom dimensions and clinically discrete symptoms than normative comparison groups. Implications of these findings for research, clinical practice, and health and social service policy are identified and discussed.'}
No. 9: {'Order': 16463, 'Abstract': 'Injecting drug use is commonly reported among gay and bisexual men in Australia. We examined the prevalence and covariates of injecting drug use among men participating in the Sydney Gay Community Periodic Survey between 2004-06 and 2011. In 2004-06, data was collected about which drugs were injected, while in 2011, data was collected about hepatitis C (HCV) and esoteric sexual practices. In 2004-06, 5.6 % of men reported injecting drugs in the previous 6 months; 3.4 % reported methamphetamine injection and 0.4 % heroin injection. In 2011, men who injected drugs were less likely to be employed full-time, and more likely to be HCV-positive, HIV-positive, to have used party drugs for sex, and to have engaged in esoteric sexual practices. The strong associations between injecting drug use, sexual risk practices and blood-borne virus infection suggests the need for combined sexual health and harm reduction services for gay and bisexual men who inject drugs.'}
No. 10: {'Order': 2148, 'Abstract': "In this multicenter study, we investigated the prognostic factors that influence the risk of death in patients with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection. Clinical and laboratory indices obtained from 161 HIV-seropositive patients who underwent a detailed morphologic and immunophenotypic evaluation of bronchoalveolar lavage (BAL) and peripheral blood cell populations were retrospectively analyzed. In 155 patients, death occurred within the 48-mo follow-up (mean follow-up: 14.8 mo; range: 1 to 48 mo). In the univariate analysis, the patient's age (> 30 yr), HIV disease status, HIV transmission category, number of opportunistic pathogens isolated from the BAL, percentage of BAL neutrophils, and low number of BAL CD4 T cells were predictive of increased mortality. In contrast, the presence of an alveolitis or an increase in the numbers of alveolar macrophages and CD3 T cells was associated with a decreased mortality. In the multivariate analysis, significant independent predictors were age, risk factor for HIV, and presence of an alveolitis. Furthermore, patients with a low number of BAL CD4 T cells had a particularly poor prognosis while the CD4 T-cell count in the peripheral blood (< 50 cells/mm3 in the majority of our patients) had a negligible effect on predicting survival. Our findings suggest the clinical utility of BAL analysis in patients infected with HIV."}
No. 11: {'Order': 15050, 'Abstract': 'To examine the influence of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection on complications in dialysis access surgery, a review was performed on patients undergoing hemodialysis at two major metropolitan medical centers over a 30-month period. One hundred eight patients underwent a total of 169 graft procedures; mean follow-up was 14 1/2 months. There were 18 (17%) patients who were HIV-positive who had no symptoms, 11 (10%) patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS), and 79 (73%) patients who were HIV-negative. Twenty-three percent (25/108) of patients had a history of intravenous drug abuse (IVDA), most of whom also had either AIDS or asymptomatic HIV infection. Dialysis procedures included 44 autogenous reconstructions (26%), 117 polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE) grafts (69%), and 8 (5%) procedures of unknown type. Arteriovenous fistula or graft thrombosis was a frequent complication. The overall 12-month graft patency rate was 41%, and patients with HIV infection or a history of IVDA did not have a significantly increased risk of thrombosis. Multivariate analysis showed that the use of PTFE as opposed to autogenous reconstruction was the only significant risk factor found for occlusion within the first 12 months after operation (p < 0.01). Twenty-five graft infections occurred, all in PTFE grafts. The PTFE graft infection rate was 43% in patients with AIDS, 36% in patients who were HIV-positive and who had no symptoms, and 15% in patients who were HIV-negative (p < 0.05). Patients with a history of IVDA had a 41% PTFE graft infection rate versus a 13% infection rate in patients who did not have a history of IVDA (p < 0.01).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)'}
No. 12: {'Order': 16566, 'Abstract': 'Previous studies have reported that human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection and antiretroviral therapy (ART) can lead to osteoporosis in HIV-infected individuals. However, their effects on alveolar bone are not well established. The objective of this study was to measure the alveolar bone mineral density (BMD) of HIV-infected patients, with and without antiretroviral therapy (ART), in comparison with that of HIV-free individuals, and to determine factors associated with the BMD of alveolar bone.'}
No. 13: {'Order': 19874, 'Abstract': 'CC genotype of SNP rs 12979860 promotes spontaneous HCV clearance in monoinfected patients. The aim of this analysis was evaluation of impact of rs12979860 polymorphism on HIV or HCV viral load, CD3, CD4 and CD8 count as well as HCV clearance among HCV/HIV coinfected patients.'}
No. 14: {'Order': 12251, 'Abstract': 'Sexual contact is the major mode of HIV transmission. Increased sexual risk taking has been described in HIV-infected individuals receiving potent antiretroviral therapy. A new questionnaire on sexual behavior was introduced into the Swiss HIV Cohort Study on April 1, 2000. We evaluated sexual behavior in all individuals who completed the questionnaire for the first time within 1 year after its introduction. Our primary hypothesis was that self-reported unsafe sexual behavior would be more prevalent among individuals with optimal viral suppression. On April 1, 2000, 4948 individuals were registered in the study, and 4723 (95%) completed the questionnaire. Of these individuals, 12% reported unsafe sex, 78% received antiretroviral therapy, and 25% had optimal viral suppression (HIV RNA level always <50 copies/mL during the preceding 12 months). During the preceding 6 months, 55% of individuals had stable and 19% had occasional partners, and 6% had both types of partners. Sexual intercourse was reported by 82% of individuals with stable and 87% of individuals with occasional partners, and of those reporting sexual intercourse in each group, 76% and 86%, respectively, said that they always used condoms. After adjustment for covariates, reported unsafe sex was not associated with optimal viral suppression (odds ratio, 1.04; 95% confidence interval, 0.81-1.33) or antiretroviral therapy (odds ratio, 0.83; 95% confidence interval, 0.65-1.07), but it was associated with gender, age, ethnicity, HIV transmission group, HIV status of partner, having occasional partners, and living alone. There is no evidence that self-reported unsafe sexual behavior is more prevalent among HIV-infected individuals with optimal viral suppression. However, unsafe sex is associated with other factors.'}
No. 15: {'Order': 1797, 'Abstract': 'The primary objective of this study was to gain a clearer understanding of the barriers to adherence to highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) faced by people living with HIV/AIDS (PLWHIV/AIDS) on Long Island, New York. Focus group, a qualitative research method, was used to study these barriers. The study was conducted in 1998 on Long Island, NY, at five institutions that provide services to 1700 PLWHIV/AIDS. Five focus groups were conducted with 6 to 13 PLWHIV/AIDS in each group, a total of 39 subjects. PLWHIV/AIDS identified eight common barriers to adherence to HAART. In descending order, the barriers include: (1) frequency and severity of side effects, (2) conflicts with daily routines, (3) dietary requirements, (4) frequency of taking medications, (5) number and dosage of medications, (6) psychosocial factors (i.e., stress, feeling good, and bad news), (7) pharmacy refills, and (8) physiological needs (i.e., sleep, hunger, or thirst). Many factors play a role in the success or failure of HAART, including preexisting drug resistance, drug-drug interactions, and the ability of PLWHIV/AIDS to adhere to a rigid and frequently changing medication regimen. The information gleaned from focus groups is limited in that it may not be generalized to a larger population with any known reliability. However, clinicians sensitive to barriers to adherence to HAART, including those identified by PLWHIV/AIDS in this study, may play a more proactive role in supporting adherence to the medication regimen, increasing the durability of effective viral suppression, decreasing morbidity and mortality, and decreasing the selection and transmission of resistant strains of HIV.'}
No. 16: {'Order': 13235, 'Abstract': 'A seroepidemiologic survey was conducted to determine the prevalence of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1), HIV-2, human T cell lymphotropic virus type I (HTLV-I), and Treponema pallidum infection among southern Somalis. Sera were collected from 1,269 study subjects in the urban area of the capital city, Mogadishu, and in the rural towns of Merka, Qoryoley, and Kismayo. The subjects included 57 prostitutes, 79 sexually transmitted disease (STD) patients, and 1,133 others, including outpatient and hospitalized patients with leprosy, tuberculosis, other infectious diseases, individuals from rehabilitation camps and secondary schools, and Ethiopian immigrants. Results indicated that none of the sera were positive for HIV-1 and HIV-2 by Western blot, but one was positive for HTLV-I. The prostitutes had a significantly higher prevalence of treponemal antibody (50.8%; P less than 0.0001) than either the STD patients (12.6%) or the other subjects (5.2%). Epidemiologic data indicated that 94% of the males and females were circumcised and only 2.6% of the males used condoms. Overall, the results of this study suggested a very low prevalence of HIV-1, HIV-2, and HTLV-I infections, especially among prostitutes and STD patients, who were considered at greatest risk of contracting these retroviral infections.'}
No. 17: {'Order': 9446, 'Abstract': 'Inflammatory muscle involvement during the course of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection is described and guidelines are suggested for its differentiation from the myopathy associated with azidothymidine (AZT) therapy. Six patients infected with HIV presented with proximal muscle weakness, biochemical and electromyographic abnormalities consistent with myositis. One patient had a skin rash characteristic of dermatomyositis. Muscle biopsy findings demonstrated the presence of an inflammatory cell infiltrate and HIV-p24 antigen. All patients developed their clinical picture prior to AZT therapy and responded to steroids with or without coadministration of AZT.'}
No. 18: {'Order': 672, 'Abstract': 'In 29 antiretroviral-naive HIV-2-infected patients starting lopinavir/ritonavir-containing regimen, the median CD4 cell count change from baseline (142 cells/microl) was +71 cells/microl at week 24 and +132 cells/microl at week 96. Seventeen (59%) patients had a CD4 cell count increase of at least 50 cells/microl and undetectable HIV-2 RNA at week 24 and were considered as responders to treatment. This sustained elevation of CD4 cell count in the first 2 years of combination antiretroviral therapy shows the potential for lopinavir/ritonavir regimens as first-line therapy in HIV-2 infection.'}
No. 19: {'Order': 640, 'Abstract': "Although China's government is rapidly expanding access to antiretroviral therapy, little is known about barriers to adherence among Chinese HIV-infected patients, particularly among injection drug users. To better understand barriers to antiretroviral treatment adherence, we conducted a qualitative research study, using both focus group and key informant methods, among 36 HIV-positive men and women in Dali, in southwestern China. All interviews utilized semi-structured question guides and were conducted in Mandarin, audio-recorded and translated into English for analysis. The most commonly cited adherence challenges were stigma, including secondary stigma experienced by family members; mental health issues; and economic concerns, particularly related to finding and maintaining employment. Distinctive gender differences emerged, partly due to previous heroin use among male respondents. Optimizing adherence may require that antiretroviral therapy programs be linked to other services, including drug addiction treatment, mental health services and vocational treatment and support. HIV care and service providers and policy makers in China responsible for HIV treatment should be aware of these important barriers to adherence."}
No. 20: {'Order': 1953, 'Abstract': 'The role of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) function and advanced glycation end products (AGEs) in HIV-related atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (CVD) is unclear. Both glycation and oxidation (HDLox) are major modifications of HDL that can alter its composition and function. Therefore, we explored the longitudinal association of HDLox with progression of glycation, as evaluated by measurement of circulating forms of receptor for AGE that predict morbidity (soluble Receptors for Advanced Glycation Endproducts [sRAGE], endogenous secretory Receptors for Advanced Glycation Endproducts [esRAGE]), in people with HIV-1 (PWH; HIV-1) and uninfected (HIV-1) individuals.We retrospectively assessed if levels of plasma sRAGE and esRAGE and HDL function (reduced antioxidant function is associated with increased HDL lipid hydroperoxide content; HDLox) in a subset of participants (n\u200a=\u200a80) from a prospective 3-year study (AIDS Clinical Trials Group A5078). Primary outcomes were baseline and yearly rates of change over 96 of 144 weeks (Δ) in HDLox in HIV-1 versus uninfected HIV-1 controls (noted as HIV-1).Higher baseline levels of sRAGE in PWH on effective anti-retroviral therapy and with low CVD risk, but not in HIV-1 persons, were independently associated with higher HDLox. EsRAGE, but not sRAGE, had consistent inverse relationships with ΔHDLox in both HIV-1 and HIV-1 persons at baseline. In HIV-1 but not in HIV-1 persons, ΔHDLox had positive and inverse relationships with ΔRAGE and ΔesRAGE, respectively.Glycation and oxidation of HDL may contribute to impaired HDL function present in PWH.'}
